README.md, before:

# onsite-iq

Greg Royan - Take home

Assumptions:
1) Loaded 50 candidates on initial load, no other candidates are added after that.
2) All candidates are listed on the screen
3) No filtering was added (by status, or search)
4) Forgot to ask what information to display for the candidates chose Name, Photo and email. Could easily expand this to include Address, Gender, Location, local
5) Rather than building a login page, defining Account details, I defaulted the logged in user to myself. Likely should have centralized the storage for that, but didn't.
6) Project was started based of [KYT](https://github.com/nytimes/kyt) which includes `pretty lights` for css styles. Never used it before so figured I would try it. Going forward I would likely go back to using `styled-components` as I did with the global styles as they are a bit more intuitive.


Requirements:
1) Candidate data is fetched from [https://randomuser.me/api/](https://randomuser.me/api/)
2) Display candidates information for user to review
3) Uses responsive design
4) Can approve or reject candidates
5) Allow Users to write optional comment explaining the reason.
6) Persist list of approved and rejected candidates with their comments for user to review
7) Allow user to undo an approval or rejection

## Project setup
```
yarn install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
yarn dev
```

### Runs tests
```
yarn test
```

### Initial project generated by kyt
See [KYT Reference](https://github.com/nytimes/kyt).

Commit message:

Adding npm commands incase users are not using yarn

README.md, after:

# onsite-iq

Greg Royan - Take home

Assumptions:
1) Loaded 50 candidates on initial load, no other candidates are added after that.
2) All candidates are listed on the screen
3) No filtering was added (by status, or search)
4) Forgot to ask what information to display for the candidates chose Name, Photo and email. Could easily expand this to include Address, Gender, Location, local
5) Rather than building a login page, defining Account details, I defaulted the logged in user to myself. Likely should have centralized the storage for that, but didn't.
6) Project was started based of [KYT](https://github.com/nytimes/kyt) which includes `pretty lights` for css styles. Never used it before so figured I would try it. Going forward I would likely go back to using `styled-components` as I did with the global styles as they are a bit more intuitive.


Requirements:
1) Candidate data is fetched from [https://randomuser.me/api/](https://randomuser.me/api/)
2) Display candidates information for user to review
3) Uses responsive design
4) Can approve or reject candidates
5) Allow Users to write optional comment explaining the reason.
6) Persist list of approved and rejected candidates with their comments for user to review
7) Allow user to undo an approval or rejection

Yarn version used: `v1.22.19`
Node version used: `v16.12.0`

## Project setup
```
yarn install
```
or npm
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
yarn dev
```
or npm
```
npm run dev
```

### Runs tests
```
yarn test
```
or npm
```
npm run test
```

### Initial project generated by kyt
See [KYT Reference](https://github.com/nytimes/kyt).
